- Hello.
- Wanna have a little fun?
Who is this?
Tell me your name and
I'll tell you mine.
I don't think so.
- What's that noise?
- Oops. I farted.
I didn't think you would hear me.
No, that popping noise.
Oh. I'm making popcorn. I'm
getting ready to watch a video.
- Ooh. What is it?
- It's just a scary movie.
Do you like scary movies?
- What's your favourite?
- Mm, I don't know.
Think.
Oh, I know. Kazaam. You know, the
one where Shaq plays a genie.
That's not a horror movie.
Yeah, well, you haven't
seen Shaq act.
- Hey, you have a nice voice.
- Thanks.
You never did tell me your name.
Why do you wanna know my name?
Because I wanna know
who I'm looking at.
What did you say?
Nice breasts.
Look, what do you want?
I wanna see what your
insides look like.
Well... Well, then,
turn to page 54.
Oh.
Hey, nice.
Listen, asshole, you've had your
fun, now you better stop or else.
Or else what?
Or else my boyfriend's going
to be here any minute...
and he's black and
he'll kick your ass.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah.
You mean the one who wears make-up
and dresses like a woman?
- How did you know?
- Turn the porch lights on.
Help. Help.
Oh, that's not my boyfriend.
I mean, I've fucked him a
couple of times, but that's it.
Look, I'm calling the cops.
Go ahead. Call the cops.
But you might wanna check
the back door first.
You forgot to lock it.
Take that, you psycho.
I can't feel my legs.
I think my arm is broken.
- Sorry.
- I want my mummy.
Hello, Drew.
Oh, God.
No.
Daddy. Daddy.
Daddy, no. No.
- Did you hear something?
- No, I didn't hear anything.
Bobby, what are you doing?
My dad's in the other room.
It just occurred to me I never
climbed through
your window before.
Yeah, well, now that you got it
out of your system, Bobby...
- What?
- You have to leave.
Why?
Come on.
What's going on in there?
Ow. Daddy's head is stuck.
Unstick Daddy's head.
- Dad, can you knock?
- Knock?
I thought I heard
screaming in here.
No. No, you didn't, Dad.
Well, it could've been that crack
I smoked earlier, I guess.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, yeah, that's what it was.
Listen, I got to leave town for a
couple of days. Okay? No big deal.
Just, you know that new business I
started with those Colombian guys?
Oh, you mean Uncle Escobar. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, that's right.
Well, there's a problem.
Some money went missing.
And apparently, some legs
are going to get broken.
It's just better if I lay
low for a couple of days.
Okay.
Now, if the cops raid the place...
I never heard of you.
- And don't forget...
- To flush your stash.
Oh, you are my little girl.
I love you so much...
that I left you a little
something in the coffee can.
Dad...
But you have to remember to
step on it before you sell it.
Now, what are you
going to cut it with?
Baking...
- Baking soda. Not baking powder.
- Soda.
Because baking powder
guys will have
muffins growing out of their nose.
Dad.
You love that joke,
don't you, honey?
You've loved that joke since
you were two years old.
- Okay, well...
- Okay, I love you.
- I love you.
- Have a good trip.
- Bye.
Is the coast clear?
Oh, Cindy, that nightgown.
That was close. God.
I was, home watching The Exorcist,
and it got me thinking about you.
If this is about the
time I puked green
slime and masturbated
with a crucifix...
It was my first keg party, Bobby.
No. No. It was edited for TV.
All the good stuff was cut out.
So you thought you would just
climb through my window...
and we would play bump-bump?
Oh, I was kind of hoping to
get my balls licked, but...
I wouldn't wanna break your little
underwear rule, now, would I?
So maybe just some
on-top-of-the-clothes-type stuff?
Okay. But just for a minute.
What the...
Wrong set.
Bobby. Oh, Bobby.
I don't wanna wait
For our lives to be over
- No, Bobby, don't.
- Ow.
Jeez. I see, yeah.
Yeah, my dad.
Okay, stud, you have to go now.
Oh, about the sex stuff?
I was only half serious. I mean, I
don't wanna rush you or anything.
Hey, would you settle for PG-13?
What's that?
Oh, jeez.
Good night, Bobby.
Shorty, you are so loud.
And make sure you take your
behind to class today.
- I do be going to class.
- Lunch is not a class, Shorty.
It is when you got the munchies.
See, that's why you
such a dumb-ass.
Your mother.
You my brother. That's
your mother too, jackass.
Oh, yeah. Well, then,
your father's stupid.
So? I don't know him.
Yeah, me neither.
- Hey, girl, you ready?
- Yeah, in a minute.
- Come on. We're going to be late.
- Ooh, wait. There's Buffy.
I don't know why you
hang out with her.
- She is such a ho.
- Why do you say that?
Because I've seen her.
My friend Sean had a
pool party this summer.
Sean?
You know, Puff Daddy?
Anyway, everybody was
drinking Cristal champagne.
And then it started to
get wild, and people
was getting freaky in
the pool and stuff.
I look over and
there was your girl
getting buck wild in the Jacuzzi.
So?
With a backup dancer.
I mean, that's nasty. That's
lower than the security guard.
At least security can get you
backstage. She don't love herself.
Bye, Daddy.
I don't know. I think
Buffy's sweet, Brenda.
Oh, she is as fake
as Press-on nails.
- Hey, baby girl.
- Hi.
- What is up, my sister?
- Bye, Mr Gilmore.
- Bye.
- Is he gone?
- Yep.
Do you like what you see
It's all about the money
- Hey, Cindy.
- It's the only way to be
- I love this colour.
- Let me see that.
Oh, you guys should
not use this brand.
Why not?
Because they test their
products on animals.
So?
Look, have you seen what they
do to those poor animals?
Well, I am much more
of a people person.
I'd like to feed all the hungry
little children of the world.
I'd much rather help my
fellow man than some animal.
Spare a dollar?
- Oh. Get away from me, you bum.
- Buffy.
Can't you see he's just hungry?
Here you go, sir. A
nice sandwich for ya.
- See?
- I said a dollar, bitch.
Ow.
God. Look at this place.
It's a circus.
Hello. I'm Gail Hailstorm, author
of the book You're Dead, I'm Rich.
A small college
town is in shock...
after the unthinkable
has happened:
a brutal killing spree
that left one teen dead...
That's it. Two teens dead...
and this small town
shaken and stirred.
It's times like these...
Police are combing
the area for clues.
It seems there are no witnesses
available at this time.
There are no suspects
in custody. Police
are asking anyone to come forward.
Reporting live for Black
TV. White folks are
dead and we're getting
the fuck out of here.
- Let's roll, Jack.
- Right.
Come on. Grab your shit and
let's go, motherfucker.
Go. Go.
Hey, do you think the press
is going to wanna talk to us?
Girl, no. The press
only wants to interview
the most ignorant
person they can find.
I'm on TV. Oh, shit.
First Cops, now this.
Oh, man, I'm going
to be a star, son.
- What can you tell us about Drew?
- Well, she had the phat ass, son.
I mean, it was like bang.
How close were you to the victim?
Real close. Until the
roofies wore off.
Then she woke up talking
about pressing charges.
So I just pulled my tongue
out of her ass and left.
What would have been
your last words to Drew?
Run, bitch. Run.
Hey, yo, dog. Does this
shirt make me look gay?
No, man.
What about now?
Nah.
- Cool?
- Yeah.
Here. Take one, guys. Don't
forget: election's Tuesday.
"Don't forget:
election's Tuesday."
Goddam it. Son of a bitch.
What's the matter, honey?
My report card.
Well, at least you got one "A."
- Yeah. I did, huh?
- Yeah.
You're so smart.
- Hey, has anybody seen Bobby?
- Nah.
You know what? That
kid is always late.
I don't get it. He lives so close.
Why are you
Any better than anyone else
Why are you so good
- See you later, Hairy Mama...
- Bye, hon. - Bubba, Jim...
Big Jim, Little Jim,
Slim Jim, everybody.
Bye.
I'll see you later.
Ciao, Ding. All right.
Damn, girl.
I'd sure like to
get in them pants.
Really?
Yeah. What size are these?
- Hey, guys.
- Hey, Bobby.
Hey, baby.
- How you doing?
- Good.
You guys see all the
reporters out there?
Yeah.
Yeah. Saying that girl Drew
Decker got killed last night.
I know.
You know what? I think I knew her.
Really?
Yeah. She had a
brother named Steve?
Yeah.
Long hair, pretty little
mouth, perfect ass?
- That was her.
- Nah, I was talking about Steve.
Whatever happened to him?
Hey, do you guys think it's
strange that she got killed...
exactly one year after we...
you know, killed that guy?
Hey. Cindy, that was an accident.
Was it, Greg?
- Yeah.
Would you look at
what they're doing?
When are we going to do
stuff like that, huh?
One day.
- You like that, baby?
- Yeah, that's different.
- You like that?
- Oh, I love that.
Oh, I love when you
play with my ass.
I'm not playing with your ass.
- Ray.
- Oh, my bad.
Come on, man. Hey, Bobby,
put on some music.
Hold on. Here, put this on.
Yeah, that's the shit right here.
It's raining men
Hallelujah - It's raining men
- Baby.
- Amen
- I wanna go out - What?
- I'm going to let myself get
- What? It's a classic.
- Absolutely soaking wet.
Turn on the radio, man.
Yeah. Whoo.
- What? It was laundry day.
- What the fuck is...
Yeah.
Whoo. Yeah.
- Hey. Come over here.
- What?
Just get a little closer to me.
Something you're going to tell me?
Bobby, what are you doing?
I just want you to touch it.
Just touch it. Come on.
Just a little bit. Come on.
- Whoo.
- Everybody wants you
- Ow.
- Oh.
Yeah, that's what
I'm talking about.
- Bobby.
- Oh, my God. Shit.
God, Cindy... Oh, shit.
Oh, my God. What was that?
I think we hit something.
Oh, man.
Bobby, look at my car, man.
My dad's going to freak.
I didn't see it. It
came out of nowhere.
- Oh, my God, we hit a boot.
- Where's the foot?
I don't know.
Where the...
- It's a body.
- Oh, shit. Is he alive?
- I don't know.
- Well, check it out.
I can't.
- Shit.
- Oh, my God.
- We have to call the police.
- No way. I ain't going to jail.
- We have to.
- Hey, Cindy.
Do you know what they do
to young boys in prison?
You know, all those
sex-starved convicts
just waiting for a
fresh piece of meat.
Hey, you're right, Cindy. Maybe
we should call the police.
Oh, yeah. That's a great
idea, Ray. But what about
Brenda, huh? You think
she wants to go to jail?
This is manslaughter, okay? We're
all going to fry for this.
- We're looking at 10 to 15 years.
- Shut up, Bobby.
- Alcohol all over...
- It's okay. I'm fine.
We're in so much
trouble, you guys.
I'm fine.
Don't blame that shit on me, Ray.
Look, we... We'll get
rid of the body.
Unnecessary.
- Now you're thinking.
- We'll dump him in the ocean.
Not the ocean, the pier.
- Guess I'll be leaving now.
- That's a great idea.
- What about the alcohol?
- We'll get rid of it.
Come on. It'll be all right.
- Come on. Hurry up. Let's go.
- Put him in the trunk.
I won't have anything
to do with this.
Shut up.
Cindy, come on. We'll just
pretend it never happened.
You know, like the
time we got drunk
and we went down on each other.
I'll get his arm.
- I'll grab his other arm.
- I'll grab his ass.
We'll take him down to Williamson
Cove and we'll dump him in there.
The sharks'll take
care of the evidence.
Oh, my God, someone's coming.
- Oh, shit. It's Shorty.
- Brenda, take care of him.
Shorty, I know you ain't
driving without no papers.
I got papers, blunts, bongs...
all the ingredients to
make a high nigga pie.
- Hey, yo, can I help you?
- Yo, what's up, Ray?
Yo, son, you all
need jumper cables?
Nah, we're cool.
Oh, good, because I left
my roach clip at home.
- Go home, Shorty.
- Yeah, I'll see you later.
- Peace, Ray.
- Get the trunk closed.
- It won't close.
- I'll do it.
Hold on. Hold on. Put him
down. He's heavy. Oh, God.
Jesus. Okay, look.
On three we dump
him over the ledge, all right?
Wait, wait, wait. Shouldn't
we at least check his wallet?
- For what?
- Shit, he might have some money.
We already committed murder.
We might as well rob his ass.
I'll take the credit cards.
- I want his jewellery.
- I'm going to take his drawers.
Get off. Hey, yo, get off. His
drawers are mine. Hey, yo.
- I got me a gold ring.
- Credit cards.
All right, let's get
him in the water.
I don't think I can, Greg.
- It's not too late.
- Shut up, okay?
Christ, already. I'll do it.
- Come on.
- Just get him in the water.
Okay. One, two...
three.
Right now we make a pact. We
take this to our grave. Agreed?
- Agreed.
- Agreed?
- Say it, Cindy. Say it.
We take this to our grave. Say it.
Greg, chill. Come on.
You're hurting her. Greg.
- Come on.
- We take this to our grave. Ow.
And we never mention this again.
- Mention what?
- The guy we just killed.
Well, you just mentioned it, Greg.
Starting now.
- Stupid bitch, man.
- God, I hate him.
It's going to be okay, baby. It's
going to be okay. I promise.
Just touch it again.
Come on. Please?
You have to move on, Cindy.
That's all behind us now.
Exactly.
- It's a coincidence.
- Greg's right, Cindy.
I mean, what do you think
we're in, a horror movie?
Yeah, you guys are right.
I mean, if we were...
they'd probably cast
some dingbat like
Jennifer Love Huge
Tits to play me.
Yeah, yeah, or they'd...
or they'd cast people in
their late twenties, early
thirties to play us.
Kenny, get the camera
ready. Here. Hold my gum.
Hi. Sheriff, Sheriff,
can I get a statement?
No comment.
Damn. Who do I have to screw
around here to get a stupid story?
Hey. Hey, no running.
Loser.
- Slow it down.
- Blow me.
All right.
Hi. Gail Hailstorm. Field
Reporter, Hard Story.
Special Officer Doofy.
Oh, hi, Doofy. Doofy, listen.
Is there a problem on campus?
- No comment. - Okay.
You know, you look awfully
young to be a police officer.
Yeah, I'm 25 and a half years old.
Ooh.
- Yeah, that's this many.
- Ah, so big.
Yeah. That's big.
Well, you don't
look a day over 12.
Except for the big head and
glazed-over look in your eyes.
- Ooh, was that drool?
- Yeah. I forgot to swallow.
Don't worry, because
I never forget.
Would you remind me
not to do that again?
Sorry.
Hello. Due to the
recent tragedy, the
sheriff and me, your principal...
will be questioning all
students throughout the day.
Wow. Sounds like we've
got the makings
of a serial killer on our hands.
Yeah, I'm not supposed to say.
It's official police business.
Hey, Doofy, what
do you say you and
I go inside my van over there...
and, get to know each
other a little better?
- Would you like that?
- That van?
Yeah, that van right there.
Yeah. Yeah, okay,
let's go. Come on.
Oh.
A terrible tragedy and
an unbearable loss.
It's days like today that
we need prayer in school.
It starts to unravel the very
moral fabric of our society.
Here you go, baby.
You go to your daddy.
- I'll see you after class.
- Sweet. - All right.
Okay, class, who
would like to give
their oral presentation first?
- Anybody?
- Yes.
Anybody else?
- Okay, Heather.
- Oh, yes. Okay.
- Okay. Can I start?
- Yeah.
Okay, my presentation is
on the First Amendment.
And it began on May 25, 1787 in
Philly with George Washington.
And it states, and I quote...
"When our Founding
Fathers argued the
passage of our glorious
Constitution..."
And so, the First Amendment gives
us the right to say
what we want...
Oh, shut the fuck up.
So, who's next?
Cindy Campbell.
Isn't she the daughter
of, well, you know...
- Oh, yeah, you know, old Mrs...
- Old Mrs...
And, yeah. Yeah, the
one and only...
The one and only.
- Why, hello, Cindy.
- Hi, Principal Squiggman.
Thanks, Doofy.
It's Special Officer
Doofy today, Cind.
Now, Cindy, Sheriff
has some questions
that he would like
to ask you today.
What is that, that
god-awful smell?
I don't know.
I got a poopie.
Did you just say that
you, you went poopie?
- Yeah. It was good.
- Mm.
- Get him out of here.
- Yes.
- Thank you, Doofy.
- Okay.
You should now go
back to Special Ed.
Okay. Salute.
Maybe a change of underwear, son.
- Bye, Doofy.
- Bye, Cind.
- How are you, Cindy?
- Fine.
- How are you, Sheriff?
- Bloated, constipated.
Got a boil on my ass the size of
a walnut. You know, the usual.
Cindy, I want to ask you some
questions about Drew Decker.
- I didn't really know her.
- Oh, come on. Sure you do.
- No. I mean...
- Come on.
I didn't really know her.
I've been in this game
a long time. Don't
bullshit a bullshitter, all right?
Tell me about Drew. What was
she like in bed, Cindy?
Tried to get you. It's
an old police trick.
It's an old police
trick. You didn't
fall for it. Good for you, kid.
Hike.
Pass. Pass.
- All right, shower up.
- Yes.
Yo, Dugan, man, nice
play, yo. Word up.
Johnson, what a block,
baby. Word up.
Thanks a lot, kid.
Woodward.
- Hey. Hey.
- Nice ass.
Damn.
Hey, yo, Greg, man, what's up? You
going to hit the showers or what?
No, man. I think I'm
going to work out,
you know, beat the bag a little.
Suit yourself, kid.
All right. Last
one in the shower's a rotten egg.
Come on, you all. I'm
going to get you all.
Don't let Uncle Ray catch you.
Who did this? Huh? Where are you?
This isn't funny, all right?
A small dick's like
a disability, man.
Huh? Would you make fun of a guy
in a wheelchair? Huh? Would you?
Come on out here, you sick fuck.
I'll kick the shit out of
you right now. All right?
It's not the size of the hammer,
it's the nail you're
throwing it at.
It's a shame how she died, you
know? She was such a nice girl.
Yeah, she used to baby-sit
my brother Doofy.
- He had the biggest crush on her.
- Ray, you're a dead man.
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey.
No, no, no,
what you trying to say?
You wanna get
butt-naked and wrestle?
Chill out. Chill out. Chill out.
- Bring it on, Ray.
- Hold my earrings.
- Chill out.
- Where's my Vaseline?
- Take it easy.
- What's the problem?
I'll show you the problem.
Oh... That's you?
They... They turned the hot water
off in the showers, all right?
Oh, shit.
Oh, yeah. Laugh it up,
you guys. Big laugh.
You know what? You
can all go to hell.
Greg, you're not the
only one who got one.
Oh, you mean Bobby's
got a baby dick too?
No. I was talking about the note.
I got one too.
- Somebody knows.
- That's bullshit, Cindy.
Look, someone's just trying
to fuck with us, you guys.
We have to call the police, Greg.
You call the police, and
I'll kill you myself.
You're hurting her, man.
And you know what? That
goes for all of you guys.
That psycho wants a piece
of me, bring it on.
But I'm not going to
jail. You got that?
What's everybody talking about?
Just forget it, Shorty. You
already know too much.
Aren't they beautiful?
- Buffy.
- Contestant number one.
Very good. And
contestant number two.
contestant number three.
- Buffy.
- That's my girl.
- That's my girlfriend.
- Yeah, that's my girlfriend too.
- Hey, kiss my ass.
- Yeah, I'm hitting that too.
- All right, Buffy.
- Hey, shut the hell up, man.
Oh, yeah, man. Best
pussy I ever had.
What, you want a piece of me?
Now the talent portion
of the competition.
Oh, you guys, I'm going to go
downstairs for a closer seat.
Let's begin...
with contestant number three...
See you after the
show. Buffy Gilmore.
Hey, you know what? I'm
going to go, hit the
head. You want me to
bring you back anything?
No, no, no. I'm good,
man. But hurry
back. She's going to perform.
- Don't worry. I'll be back.
- So, good evening, Buffy.
And what will be your
talent for this evening?
Acting. I'll be doing
a dramatic reading.
Buffy Gilmore doing
Hey, do that thing from Baywatch.
She's running down the beach.
Look out, Greg. Look behind you.
- It's him. It's the killer.
- Huh?
Oh, my God. Somebody do something.
Somebody do something.
He's killing him.
- He's killing him.
- Must be an original piece.
He's killing him.
She's good. She's good.
- What's wrong with you people?
- That's fantastic.
You fucking bastards.
Why won't anyone help?
Amazing.
- She's the next Pamela Lee.
- God.
Oh, God. Oh, God. Don't.
Greg, hold on.
Give it up for Buffy
Gilmore. Wonderful.
Absolutely fantastic.
I think we have a winner, ladies
and gentlemen. Miss Buffy Gilmore.
Buffy, wait. You have
to go back onstage.
- No. I have to get to Greg.
- But you won.
- They're calling your name.
- There's a killer...
- I won?
- They're calling your name. Go.
Buffy, what happened?
What about Greg?
Oh, fuck Greg. I won.
- Congratulations.
- Oh, out of my way, loser.
Miss Buffy Gilmore.
Here she comes Miss
Teen She's So Fine
Such lovely tits -
Give me my crown, bitch.
And a great behind
There she is Doggy style anytime
And I'll do her behind
behind and behind
Oh, there she is
She loves 69
- There's no sign of him anywhere.
- He could've taken the body.
That's impossible,
Cindy. There's no
blood. There's nothing.
Look around.
I bet it's just Greg playing
another one of his dumb jokes.
He's going to turn up. I'm sure of
it. He's probably at my house...
waiting for us right
now, you guys.
All right, fine, fine.
But you know what?
I'm going to look
around some more, so...
You mind catching a
ride home with Buffy?
Yeah, no problem.
- All right, fine.
- Call me later.
- Hello?
- Hello, Cindy.
- Who is this?
- It's me, Bobby.
You know, your boyfriend.
Yeah, I'm sorry. I guess
I'm a little jumpy lately.
- Hey, any sign of Greg?
- No.
- Do you want me to come by?
I'm just going to take a bath,
and then I'm going to go to bed.
Okay. I'd really like to see
you, but... I love you.
Aw. I love you too, baby.
Bobby, I told you...
I still know what you
did last Halloween.
Who is this?
Ow. Ow.
- Hello.
- I'm going to kill you.
- I'm going to slice you up.
- Who is this?
I'm going to chop you like liver.
What do you want?
I'm in the house.
Do you know where I am?
I could be anywhere. I'm
like the wind, baby.
Yeah. Where am I?
You're-you're behind the couch.
- What? How do you know that?
- I can, see your feet.
Ah. Okay, turn around.
Close your eyes. No peeking.
Yeah. No. No. No.
Hey, hey, hey. No peeking.
No peeking. Turn around.
Good.
Okay, now you can look.
Now do you know where
I am? You don't.
No, Mr Killer. I don't
know where you are.
I'll give you a big clue.
Oh. I got to stop drinking.
- Grandma.
- Ow, baby. Ow. Ow. Oh, my hip.
Come on.
White woman in trouble
off the 744...
- Are you okay?
- Oh, my God.
I heard screaming.
What's going on?
Bobby, he was here.
- The killer was here, Bobby.
- It's okay.
- I can explain that.
- Oh, my God.
A friend gave them
to me. Cindy. Cindy.
Cindy. Cindy. Cindy.
Cindy. Cindy.
It's me, Cind.
Cindy, you know me. Cindy.
I know you've had a rough night,
Cindy, so I won't keep you.
I just want you to look at some
photos. Tell me what you think.
- No?
- No.
- I'm sorry, Sheriff.
- You sure?
Okay, you're free to go. Do you
have somebody picking you up?
- Yeah.
- Oh. Just...
Just check that one out again.
Mm, no.
No? No? All right. Well, worth
a shot. All right, thanks.
Guess what I just did with
those hookers we busted.
No way.
All the way, man. Yes, yes.
Watch this. Watch this. Doofy.
- Yeah?
- Come on. Come on.
Okay.
Special Officer Doofy reporting.
Hey, Doofy, smell my fingers.
What's that?
That's when you know you've
become a man, Doofy.
Hey, Terry, smell my finger.
- What the hell is that?
- My ass.
- Get the hell out of here, Doofy.
- Doofy.
Mum said get home now.
Tell Mum I'm on official
police business.
Cindy, are you okay?
Hey, hey, hey. No
talking to the witness.
Go get in the car, Doofy.
She's coming with us.
- Does Mum know?
- Yeah, Doofus.
Mum says when I wear this badge...
you're supposed to treat
me like a man of the law.
Yeah, well, Mum also
said for you to stop
sticking your dick in
the vacuum cleaner.
Okay, three, two...
- Oh, no. Gosh darn.
- What now?
No, it's just that there's all
these numbers with deci...
What, can't you count?
No, I can count, but
there's really...
Here, let me make it easy for you.
Chump-zilla, listen up, okay?
This little piggy went
to the market. All
right? This little
piggy stayed home.
Now, if this little piggy doesn't
roll the goddam camera...
I'm going to put my foot
up his fucking ass...
We're live, Gail.
Gail Hailstorm standing out
front of the police station...
where I'm going to try and get
a glimpse of Cindy Campbell...
the young girl who was
attacked earlier this evening.
You're on my foot, fat shit.
- Sorry, G...
- What did I say?
Huh? What did I say?
"Don't... Don't ever
step on Gail's shoes."
- Why not?
- Because Gail wears Prada shoes.
- You idiot.
- I'm a... I'm a bad man.
- Cindy. Cindy.
- How about one minute?
Cindy, can we get a statement?
Buffy Gilmore, Miss Teen.
She's not talking.
Is it true the police
have someone in custody?
Come on, Cindy.
Cindy, Cindy, your ass looks fat.
Bitch.
- Good shot.
- Come on.
- All right, who copped a feel?
- Gail, it was me.
- Oh, my God.
- It was an accident, Gail.
I only touched it, the
top of the breast.
- It was so tender and juicy.
- Shut up.
Yo.
Hello, Shorty. What are you doing?
Nothing. Sitting here watching
the game. Smoking some bud.
Are you all alone?
- Wassup?
What the... Who's that?
Yo, pick up the phone.
- Wassup?
Yo, Dookie, pick up the phone.
- Yo.
- Wassup?
- So what you doing, son?
- Nothing. Just chilling, killing.
True. True.
So you think Bobby did it?
I don't know. But he
was there, Buffy.
I knew there had to be something.
He's just too perfect.
Handsome, smart, good in bed.
What did you say?
Hey, Cind. Got your ice
pack for your hand.
- Ow.
- Sorry.
I'll get you one for your head.
No, no, that's okay, Doofy.
Hey, we're going to get that guy
you dumped in the water. Yeah.
I'll be next door if you need me.
Night, Cind.
Buffy, you told him?
The moron overheard a conversation
Greg and I were having.
Yeah, but what if
he says something?
Who's going to believe a
retarded retard like him anyway?
Don't worry.
Cindy, telephone.
Thank you.
- Hello?
- Hello, Cindy.
- Guess what.
- No.
- You got the wrong guy.
- Yep. It's not Bobby.
- Doofy?
- Who is this?
- Doofy. Doofy.
- Doofy.
- Oh, my God.
Hello?
I said don't disturb me
when I'm cleaning my room.
I heard Bobby got
out this morning.
I haven't seen him
around. Is he pissed?
You mean since you branded him the
Candyman? No. His heart is broken.
Yo, son. It's like I
seen this all before.
They had a killer at your
old high school, Shorty?
No, it was in this movie Scream.
Same dialogue and everything.
- This is ill.
- How did it end?
I don't know. Some niggas
started shooting up
in the movie theatre,
so we just broke out.
No doubt.
Okay, I say we all
just stick together.
Tonight everyone meet at my
house. And bring some friends.
But don't tell everyone,
okay? Try to keep it quiet.
Okay. Yo. Party at Cindy's house.
Drunk white women for everybody.
Ray, if you see Bobby,
tell him I love him.
Okay. If I see Bobby,
I'll tell him I love him.
Jesus.
It's okay. It's all right.
It's just me, baby.
What, you don't still
think it's me, do you?
No.
It's just that somebody
did try to kill me.
Yeah.
And the police said
I scared him away.
I know. He called me last night.
Yeah, so you see, it
couldn't have been
me. I was in jail
last night. Remember?
You're the best.
I'm sorry. Please understand.
Understand what? That
my girlfriend would
rather call me a
killer than touch me?
That's not true, Bobby.
- Then what is it?
- What is it?
She's gone and she's
not coming back.
It's been over a year, Cindy.
But Ginger was such an important
part of the Spice Girls.
- Oh, you got to move on, baby.
- Oh.
I am sorry if my
complicated life...
is an inconvenience to
your perfect existence.
Cindy. Cind.
Okay, everybody, listen up.
Let me just say...
the killing of these... these
teenagers has been tragic, but...
Hey, you know, shit happens.
- Sheriff.
Yes, Miss Thunderstorm.
Have they found Cindy
Campbell's father?
- No.
- Isn't he a suspect?
That is classified information.
Where are you getting that?
I'm sorry, but, my sources are
strictly confidential, Sheriff.
Hey, Gail.
Gail swallows.
Watch this.
Hello? Who is this?
What? You wanna kill me?
Oh, God. Hold on.
Cindy, it's for you.
All right, knock it off, Buffy.
Now, as you all have heard, there
is a killer in our town...
and the police have asked us to
give you the following
safety tips.
Stay in well-lit areas.
Do not travel alone whenever
possible. Always
wipe front to back.
And remember, never,
ever believe someone...
when they tell you that
shaving your pubic hair...
will rid you of crab infestation.
Now, I understand
this is a difficult
time for you young ladies.
So if anyone needs to come
to my office to talk...
I am here for you.
- What a crock of shit.
- It's not, Buffy.
He's real.
Miss Mann?
Come in, dear. Have a seat. Take
off your bra if you'd like.
No, thanks.
What can I do for you, Cindy?
I need to talk. See, I
have this problem...
and I don't know who to tell.
- Not feeling so fresh?
- Huh?
Feminine odour and
itching got you down?
No. No, not that.
Then what is it?
I have a terrible secret.
Well, Cindy, we all have
our little secrets.
Sometimes we do things
we're not so proud of.
Some for money...
others to gain the athletic
edge on the competition.
Sometimes those secrets
come back to haunt us.
- Do you know what I mean?
- Yes, I do, Miss Mann.
Thanks for ball... I
mean, all your help.
I have to go to class.
Anytime, dear.
Buffy, are you coming?
I'll catch up with
you guys in a sec.
Redrum.
Hello?
Somebody there?
Hello.
Very funny. Who put you
up to this? Cindy?
Lose the cape. It's
way too '90s horror.
Oh, so what movie is this
from, Die, Cheerleader, Die?
Wanna play psycho killer? Can I
be the helpless cheerleader?
Oh, so this is where I'm
supposed to beg for my life?
Please, Mr Killer, don't kill me.
So is this where I'm
supposed to bleed?
Oh, look, I'm bleeding. Eek. Eek.
Oh, yeah, I'm supposed
to run, right?
Okay. I'm running.
I'm running. Help.
Help. Oh. Now I'm
going to fall and
break my leg, leaving me helpless.
There you go, Mr Scary
Killer. I'm panicking now.
Oh, God. Somebody please help me.
Oh, God, no.
No.
Oh, now what?
I guess this is the big climax.
Hope you don't mind if I fake it.
Oh, look at me. I'm all dead.
I'm a gross, scary severed
head. Come on. Please.
Do you know who I
am? I'm Miss Teen.
You're really giving
me a headache.
And you got blood all
over my Gucci sweater.
I hope you're going
to pay for that.
Ah. I will not be
ignored by the likes...
- I'm going to jump.
- Phil, get back in there.
- No.
- What are you doing up there?
- Be reasonable.
- I can't take this fucking job...
or those greasy shithead
teenagers any more.
I'm going to end it all.
Wait. Hold on. We're
getting help for you.
Now we know Bobby's not
the killer. So who is?
I don't know.
Well, if the killer was
in your house last
night, why didn't he
just kill you then?
Because he's just messing with us.
Don't you see? He's got us
right where he wants us.
We can't go to the
police. He's just out
there watching us
and waiting for us.
What are you waiting for, huh?
What are you waiting for?
- What am I waiting for?
- What are you waiting for?
Fuck you.
Oh, my God.
Ray, I still don't think
this party is a good idea.
You know I'm not going to
let nothing happen to you.
I just don't feel right.
Why can't we just
do something else?
Okay. How about we
go to the movies?
Huh? You like that? See
a little movie, huh?
Yes. Yeah.
- Hey. That is my song.
- Hey.
You know they gave me a
shout-out on the album, right?
What?
Yes.
Everywhere I go I
see the same ho's
Ooh, Brenda.
Did I tell you how sexy
you look in my jersey?
- I do, Ray?
- Yes.
I like it. Hey, get up. Go-Go
over there. Let me see it.
Ooh. Yes, I like that.
You like that? You like
that? You like that?
Yeah. Hey.
Hey, put this on with it.
Ray, you are so freaky.
That's right. You know
I'm freaky, girl.
Go on. Pull it. Pull it up.
Yeah. Here, here. Put
this on with it.
Go on.
- Are you sure?
- Go on, girl. Go on. Pull it on.
- Okay.
- Go on.
- I like that look.
- Ooh. I'm bad.
Ah, yes. Here. Put
this on with it.
Go on, girl. Put it on.
Yeah. Put that shit on there.
Come on. Just shove it on.
Do it. Yeah. Ooh, so fucking sexy.
Come here, girl. Bring your little
sexy ass over here. Come on.
Full speed. Charge.
Yes. Yes. Come on. Turn around.
Turn around. Come
on. Yes, Brendan.
Take it, Brendan.
Who?
Brenda. Come on, come
on. Put the helmet on.
No, let's role-play.
Come on. You get me.
- Get me. Come on. Come on.
- Huh?
I'm here at Lover's Lookout.
It's dark, it's in the
middle of nowhere...
and it's where
hormone-driven teens
love to come and fool around.
So very likely we're about
to see someone get killed.
Okay, sure enough,
there's a girl in
that car, blouse
unbuttoned, all alone.
Let's see if she'll
have a word with us.
Hi. Gail Hailstorm, author
of the new book You're Next.
- Oh, yeah.
- Can you tell us your name?
Well, my name's Heather.
Heather, can you tell us what
you're doing out here all alone?
Well, yeah, sure. My boyfriend and
I were just, like, making out...
and then we heard a
noise out there,
so he went to go check it, but...
Well, that was, like,
ten minutes ago or so.
Yeah, yeah.
Heather, has it crossed
your little mind
that your boyfriend was
probably murdered...
and you're about to
be slaughtered next?
Really? No way.
Way. Heather, good luck.
Okay, thanks, Gail.
You're the best.
I know. Just as I thought. The
murder is happening as we speak.
I'm going to try
and break into the
bloodshed. Are you getting this?
Excuse me. Heather,
Heather, can you
tell us what you're
feeling, honey?
Lots of pain. Gail, please
help me. Gail, please.
I'd like to help you out,
kid, but it's sweeps.
Sir, sir, can I get a
word with you? Sir.
You got a lot of
nerve coming here.
I'm just trying to do my job.
Get the camera off me now.
You're dead, bitch.
No, Kenny, keep rolling.
Keep rolling.
I'm going to slice your head
off and shove it up his ass.
Sweet Jesus. Shit.
Get, get that camera off me.
Oh, my God, Kenny. Kenny,
move your fat ass.
Kenny. Oh, my God,
he's right behind you.
This man is chasing me, Gail.
I am so scared right now.
I just want to say...
to the family of my
cameraman, Kenny...
I am so sorry.
This was my interview...
my story.
It's all my fault.
You want some popcorn?
I brought me a little
snack of my own.
- You want some chicken?
- Nah.
For all you all
talkers up in here,
it's time to keep
it down right now.
Back at you.
Why they acting already? It
ain't nothing but the previews.
The largest ship the
world had ever known.
Its 400 passengers and crew on a
maiden voyage to a
brave new world.
A journey that would change
their lives forever.
I'm the king of the world.
Amistad II - Get your ass
back down there, boy.
I'm going to go to the
bathroom real quick.
Don't leave now. The
movie's about to come on.
I got to go to the bathroom.
Here. Take your hot sauce.
Hurry up, man. Don't be long.
Back up. Let him through.
You can move back some. You
don't own the theatre.
And they're off.
It's number three in
the lead. Number two close behind.
And number three is the winner.
Number two has placed,
and number four to show.
Next week's Triple Crown
starts at 2:30. Be here early.
Hey, who is that?
Go ahead. Do it
again. Do it again.
Anon.
Don't go in there.
Lord, I'm going to
have a heart attack.
Damn, this is some scary shit.
Oh, I am scared.
Excuse me.
I think I paid my money like
everybody else up in here.
- Out of her favour where I am...
- That ain't no man.
You can see her real
hair right there.
Do you mind?
I know you better
get out of my face.
Out of my face. Out of my face.
This is all me up in
here. You handle that.
- Will you shut the fuck up.
- Yeah.
This movie is good. Hey, baby.
You came back just in time.
She's about to get it
on with Shakespeare.
- He found out she's a girl.
- Shut up.
Yeah, I got you. I
got you on camera.
You on Candid Camera now.
You ain't know that.
Hello. Hey, girl. I'm
in the movie. Huh.
Shakespeare In Love.
. Ooh. You lying.
For Christ's sake, will
you just shut your trap.
- Shut up.
- Hold on.
I don't know why you all
is acting like this.
My girlfriend already
seen the movie. She said
they don't even stay
together in the end.
Give me that.
Right on.
Will you sit down?
Shut up.
Your ass is grass.
- This is for Thelma.
- And Louise.
This is for talking
through The Fugitive.
- You ruined Schindler's List.
- All Jackie Chan movies.
- Boogie Nights.
- And Big Momma's House.
And I cannot marry the daughter
of Sir Robert De Lesseps.
You guys, there's a, there's
a few too many people.
Oh, hi. Please don't, don't...
No. Hey, you guys, stop.
Hey. Hey, please. That's my dad's.
- No, don't touch... Ah, ah, no.
- Do you have more beer?
- No. Yeah. Check in the garage.
No, no, no, no, no. Don't.
Kitty, you scared me.
Horsey. Oh, you scared me too.
Hello? Who's there?
Oh, my God. Oh, my
God. Please, don't.
Please. I'm just a day player.
Oh, my God.
Chug. Chug. Chug. Chug.
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, Bobby. Bobby. I was
worried about you.
I thought the killer got
to you before I could.
Could what?
I wanna go upstairs. There's
something I wanna show you.
- Yeah.
- Oh, yeah.
- Hey, party on.
- Yeah.
- So...
- So.
Here we are again.
Yeah.
And, you know, if
you're not ready...
I'll understand.
Bobby.
I am ready.
- You are?
- Yeah.
I can't keep fighting these urges.
I have to just give in to them...
and let them flow.
Right.
Bobby?
I have been so selfish.
This is like a scene from
a movie or something.
Only it isn't a movie, Bobby.
This is real life.
It's all a movie, baby.
There's the sound guy. There's the
script supervisor.
How ya doing, baby?
- Bobby?
- What?
What I mean is that
in real life...
you have to enjoy each moment.
Bobby. Bobby.
Can I tell you a secret?
Sure, man.
I see dead people.
Man, this shit is awesome.
Yo, son, you got to roll
some more of that shit.
Ah, shit.
We don't have any
more papers, man.
We don't have any more papers.
Aw, man. What can we
use to make a bong?
Toke. Toke. Toke. Toke.
- Toke. Toke. Toke. Toke.
- Yeah.
Oh, shit, son.
Toke. Toke. Toke.
Toke. Toke. Toke. Toke. Toke.
This some good shit.
Bobby. I've never
done this before.
Come on.
It's okay. It's okay.
It's just like...
It's like sucking on
a Tootsie Roll Pop.
- A Tootsie Pop?
- Yeah, a cherry-flavour one.
- Oh.
- With the fudge in the middle?
- Okay.
- Show me now
Show me how
How it feels when we're together.
Just like that.
- I'm afraid if we wait
- Just like that, baby.
We'll be waiting till forever
Oh. Jesus.
I never could wait to get
to the chewy middle.
- You know what? Let... Let me.
- Oh. Okay.
Goddam.
I'm on a rocket ship
to a mother ship
I'm flying solo but don't
know if I can stop
Don't ask me why
don't make me lie
Just kick back just sit back
Enjoy the ride
Because I'm a spaceman
Guess it's been a while.
Asking me out stay with me
It's very, '70s of you.
Stay with me tomorrow's just
Oh, yeah. Oh, Bobby.
Come here, Bobby. I want it now.
Oh, man, am I fucking stoned.
- Yeah, me too, son.
- Hey.
Hey, you guys hear that?
- Hello?
- Hello.
Hello?
What's your favourite scary movie?
I'm going to gut you like a pig.
Oh, yeah. Oh.
Yeah. What's my name, Bobby?
What?
- What's my name, bitch?
- Ow. God. It's Cindy.
Whose is it, Bobby?
It's yours.
Oh, my God.
Oh, shit.
Don't even contest because
I'll make you undress
Like porn dancers waiting at
the front door for an answer
Hey, yo, I'm sick of artificial
mcs like silicone titties
Hey, yo, check it, yo.
Fuck a cheap bong
I wanna smoke cheech and chong
And if I wanna fuck long I let
my ding-a-long hit the bong
And then the song always
pass the dutchie to the left
Because the right way is wrong
I got one. I got one. I got
one. Here it goes. Ready?
I'm going to slash and gash
cut another hole in your ass
I spill blood on the walls then
play tennis with your balls
If the phone rings
don't answer the call
Going to slit your throat
fuck you like a goat
Peel your foreskin off and
make a winter coat peace
Yo.
That was the illest
rhyme I ever seen, son.
Bobby, where were you tonight?
- What?
- I was just curious.
What took you so long to get here?
Why are you so curious?
I don't know.
I thought it would fit the
'90s horror clich if...
you turned out to be the killer.
Oh, so, what? You think I
killed Buffy and Greg?
Buffy and Greg are dead?
- I thought you knew that.
- Oh, my God.
Bobby, turn around.
It's the killer.
Cindy.
- Oh, my God. Bobby. Bobby.
- Cindy. Help me.
- Bobby, it's okay.
- Gimme the gun. Gimme...
It's going to be okay, Bobby.
Yo, wait for me. There's
a killer in the house.
There's ass, blood
and guts everywhere.
Someone done gone crazy, son.
We all go a little
crazy sometimes.
Bobby, no.
Oh, shit, son.
Oh, my God.
Cindy, he shot me in the lungs.
You wanna hit this shit?
Ketchup.
Just like my mum puts
on her spaghetti, baby.
Oh, my God. Ray, you've got to
help me. Bobby's gone crazy.
Surprise.
Surprise, Cindy.
Why are you doing this, Bobby?
Why? Why? You hear that, Ray?
I think she wants a motive.
- Did Scream have a plot?
- No.
Did I Know what You Did
Last Summer make any sense?
Don't think so. And what
about the sequel? Huh? What
the hell was with that
fat, white Jamaican kid?
Oh, I wanna kill
that motherfucker.
I know. Me too, man. It
was bad casting, Bobby.
How about this for a
motive? Lack of sex.
It can cause serious
deviant behaviour.
- I thought you loved me.
- Oh, I did, baby.
I did. But abstinence can make you
discover new things
about yourself.
That's right, Cindy. I'm gay.
And in case you haven't
noticed, so is Ray.
What? I ain't gay.
What are you talking about?
You took me to that club.
So? They play good music.
What about our trip to
San Francisco, then?
I wanted to go shopping.
But you made love to me.
No. First of all, you sucked my...
Whatever, Ray. I
don't want to talk
about this now. The
point is, Cindy...
that I'm a new man, and
I'm ready to leave
all this behind and
start a new life.
- So you killed all your friends?
- Oh, no.
Just you. And maybe Shorty...
but that wasn't
planned or anything.
But here's the genius part.
We're copycatting a serial
killer that already exists.
- It's the perfect crime, Cindy.
- But wait. There's more.
Hang on to your seat, baby,
because this one's a screamer.
- I'll be back.
- Oh.
Move your big ass. Come on.
Dad.
What are you going
to do, frame him?
Nah. We're just having a little
bit of fun with old daddio.
The police are going to find
you and daddy both dead...
and me and Ray are the only
survivors of a maniac's revenge.
- You ready? I'm ready.
- You ready? I'm ready to do this.
All right. Let's do this, Ray.
Let's do this. I'm
ready to do this shit.
- Come on. Come on. All right.
- All right. All right.
Come on. Come on.
Give it to me. Give it to me. No.
- Wait, wait, wait, wait.
- All right.
Ready? You ready? All
right. Let's do this.
Wait, wait. Ready.
- Come on. Come on.
- Ready.
Come on. Give it to
me. Give it to me.
No. Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait. Just...
You remember what we talked about?
I know, man. How many times
we going to go over this?
To the side, right?
I know, okay? Stop.
Just... All right.
Okay. All right. I'm ready.
Trust me, okay? I got this
shit. Ready? Come on.
Wait, wait, wait. I
just don't know...
What the fuck. I'm about
to cut your throat, boy.
Okay.
Stop acting like a little
girl. Come on. Come on.
You're right, you're right, you're
right, you're right. I'm ready.
Come on. You ready?
You guys are psychos. You've
seen one too many TV shows.
No. Watching television shows
doesn't create psycho killers.
Cancelling TV shows does.
The Wayans Brothers
was a good show, man.
It was a good-ass show, and we
didn't even get a final episode.
Take it easy. I'm feeling
a little woozy here.
It's my turn. Give me the knife.
Fuck out of here. Ain't
nobody stabbing me.
Surprise, Cindy.
All right, all right.
Hold on a second.
Just give me a moment. Ah. One...
Oh, yeah. That's it.
Ah. Okay.
Dad. Are you okay?
I thought I told you not to
have a party unless I was here.
But, Dad, you were here.
You were in the closet.
Oh, yeah, that's
right. Did you get
some girlfriends' numbers for me?
Dad, they're dead.
Ah, you know, I can't get a break.
What's that? Is that the cops?
Okay, okay, listen,
honey. Help me up now.
If the cops come, tell
them I'm a plumber, okay?
You had a leaky faucet,
and you called, and they
sent me over. We don't
even know each other.
No. No.
Dad, Dad, put your arms down.
What the hell's going on here?
Sheriff, it's a
bloodbath in there.
- He was right here. I swear it.
- Who was?
The killer. The guy that
murdered all my friends.
And the sick bastard planted
drugs all in the house there.
- All over the place.
- Dad. Stop it.
All right, Cindy.
I'm going to have
to take you down to the station.
I'm cool, though, right?
- I'm okay?
- Let's... Let's go, Cindy.
Cindy. Call me. Call me.
Daddy'll get you out, honey.
Okay. Let's go over this again.
- You say it was an accident.
- Yes.
He was on the road.
And you think he came
back to get revenge?
It has to be him, Sheriff.
Here, Sheriff. They wanted
me to give this to you.
- That'll be all, Doofy.
- Okay.
I'm going to go, then.
- All right.
Bye, Cind.
I'm sorry, Cindy. It wasn't
the man you guys killed.
His name was David
Keegan. Some fishermen
found his body a few weeks later.
He's buried in Lakewood Cemetery.
That's impossible.
Then I don't know who it could be.
He's got to be someone...
who was connected
with all the victims,
someone who knew
about the accident.
Someone who could move around
without being noticed.
Oh, my God.
She used to baby-sit
my brother Doofy.
He had the biggest crush on her.
It's me, Cind.
'Night, Cind.
- Doofy.
- Shithead?
- Have you seen Doofy?
- No.
- No, Sheriff.
- Has anybody seen Doofy?
- No.
Yeah. Just went out
the back, Sheriff.
Doofy.
He walks alone under
the big city lights
He always knows just
when the time is right
He never shows what he's
thinking he keeps it inside
Because he's too
cool for school
He comes alive when
the sun goes down
He gets it right you
know he's always down
He's got one eye open and
his ear to the ground
And he's too cool for school
He's an operator
he's a real player
And if you mess with him
you know you'll never win
No.
Shit, son. Yo, what the deal?
Yo, if you all watching
this tape right now...
that means I didn't make it.
Either I'm a prisoner,
or worse, dead.
But either way it goes,
I'm going to tell you
all the rules to survive
this situation.
Rule number one: You
got to be quick.
Rule number two: Don't fall down.
And rule number three: Whatever
you do, never look back.
You all wish me luck.
Snatch and run, you all.
Come back here, you motherfucker.
You son of a bitch.
You all want drama wanna
make a scary movie
Rappers coming in with their
team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the
screen and barely move me
We hard hitting, directing
and starring in it
You all want drama wanna
make a scary movie
Rappers coming in with their
team and carry toolies
You can jump right out of the
screen and barely move me
We hard hitting, directing
and starring in it
Bad
The bad
The evil, the evil
Put them together
Two times
Slim Shady
Royce the 5'9"
Na, na, na, na I'm going
to slash and gash
Na, na, na, na, put
another hole in your ass
Spill blood on the walls and
play tennis with your balls
If the phone rings
don't answer the call
I'm going to slit your
throat fuck you like a goat
Peel your foreskin off
and make a winter coat
I'm a Denny's surprise I'll
scoop out both of your eyes
Na, na, na, na, scrape
the meat off your thighs
Leave your carcass
for flies because
Everyone who meets up with me
In the end, eventually dies
I'm the last thing you see
I'll hang you from a tree
Scare the shit out of
you then watch you pee
I'm a bad ass killer
ain't nobody iller
You're ice cold thriller because
I'm the fucking chiller
I'm the bad ass killer
there ain't nobody iller
You're ice cold thriller because
I'm the fucking chiller
I'm going to slice and dice
because murder's my vice
Stab you once or twice
maybe even thrice
Care initials in your
liver make you quiver
Deliver yeah, that'd be nice
I'll dissect your heart
rip your entrails apart
Hack off your head and
that's just a start
I'll put the scary, scary
movie make people do a dooby
Make them pee-pee up the place
when they see my ugly face
You better keep alert or
you'll be sleeping in the dirt
I got a phd in how
to use my cutlery
I make you kneel and squeal
as I turn you to a beal
You'll be squirting
in your shorts
And you're squirting
crimson quarts
I'll chop the virgin beaver
with my shiny butcher's cleaver
Need your cries of fear
it's music to my ears
I cut off oscar Meyer's
weiner I stick it in a bun
Slap on some pickle relish
ain't we having fun
I'm a bad ass killer
there ain't nobody iller
You're ice cold because
I'm the fucking chiller
I'm the bad ass killer
there ain't nobody iller
You're ice cold because
I'm the fucking chiller
I'm going to cleave your
gut treat you like a slut
Mutilate your organs and
shove them up your butt
I'll slit you ear to
ear you know what
Then I'll slam a beer
Saw off your toes jam
them in your nose
Cut your tongue out
feed it to a trout
Fry them in a pan
shoot it out my can
Aim it at your face then
you'll know your place
I promise you pain
I'm totally insane
Now let me tell you once again
I'm the bad ass killer
there ain't nobody iller
You're ice cold because
I'm the fucking chiller
I'm the bad ass killer
there ain't nobody iller
You're ice cold because
I'm the fucking chiller
I promise you pain
I'm totally insane
Like a scrotum here
it is in a nutshell
That's the year I got here when
my dear mother's water blew
Not really realising the
prize that's been begot her
The bona fide lo-fi
high-octane philosopher
The genius with a penis the
few, the proud, the me
I liked me so much I
had to buy the company
Soul for sale sold to Satan
for a hell of a lotta luck
I'm hard to come by like a
straight guy working at Starbucks
Thank the thinkers that think they
thunk the thoughts that theorised
Idolised or despised bet
I'm getting recognised
Mount rushmoure it, no, ignore
it, can't rock with no big head
Half the people want me half
the people want me dead
I am the angel of def with
my rhymes against humanity
Teeter-tottering between
brilliance and insanity
The one part the Fuehrer
the one part the Pope
It's the inevitable return,
baby of the great white dope
Conclusions you drew
proportions you blew
Lost son of iggy false
bigger nose than ziggy, true
Yes, my name is Jimmy pop
no, my pop's name is dick
Don't admit to kick it, slick
you thick derelict critic
Put down for missed note
put up with misquotes
Don't want the whole story should
have bought the cliff notes
Like finger-painting 101 give
me no credit for having class
One thumb on the
pulse of the nation
One thumb in your
girlfriend's ass
Written on, written off
scoff, calling me a joke
I don't think that I'm a
sell out but I do enjoy coke
I struck gold but
never took it for
Granite that's how I
planned it so can it
Around the planet fans demand it
and you'll never understand it
When I die, no lie plan
on mass pandemonium
They may display my brain in a
picklejar at the Smithsonian
The one part the Fuehrer
the one part the Pope
It's the inevitable return,
baby of the great white dope
One part the Fuehrer
one part the Pope
The inevitable return
of the great white dope
One part the Fuehrer
one part the Pope
The inevitable return
of the great white dope
One part the Fuehrer
one part the Pope
The inevitable return
of the great white dope
One part the Fuehrer
one part the Pope
The inevitable return
of the great white dope
Great white dope
great white dope
Yeah, yeah
Hey, yo, we run these streets
putting on the great city
You all niggas still pretty
just so you all can feel
Feel me, feel me, feel me
We dealing with my
thug strictly make
Some noise if you
running with me
Do it wild and you know we get
busy just so you all can feel
Feel me, feel me, feel me
Say one for the radio
two for the pin eye
Wrote the rhyme with
niggas coming tight semi
My keys for the three now
you suckas fuck with it
More chasing on your ass than
the cops who got acquitted
Making rapper's noise
like it was tax season
Selling it back getting
paid to crack thieving
Tim's and Gina, me and my
tight jimma up on a track
Make them shake like
somebody built a fina
Mo' money, you barely
got toll money
Vocal coach and
still roll funny
Thug the fuck out punch
lines are killing
Say some other shit really
hurt a rapper's feelings
Who know the outcome
must be the wild one
Selling their backs it
didn't even make the album
Feel this bitch as
I go for the three
Now fuck onto the game make
the game come to me now
Hey, yo, we run these streets
putting on the great city
You all niggas still pretty
just so you all can feel
Feel me, feel me, feel me
We're dealing with
my thug strictly
Make some noise if
you running with me
Do it wild and you know we get
busy just so you all can feel
Feel me, feel me, feel me
Yeah, feel me, fool.
I feel you, dog.
This isn't easy for me.
I know we've been
together a long time...
but I found somebody else.
Okay? I'm in love.
Don't look at me like that.
We could still be friends.
You can come into my
room whenever you want.
We just can't... No.
No.
Okay, just one time.
Yeah. That's it.